REFERENCE.md, before:

# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

**Classes**

_Public Classes_

* [`duo_authproxy`](#duo_authproxy): Installs and configures Duo Authentication Proxy
* [`duo_authproxy::config`](#duo_authproxyconfig): configure the proxy
* [`duo_authproxy::service`](#duo_authproxyservice): manage the service

_Private Classes_

* `duo_authproxy::install`: Installs and/or compiles the Duo Authentication Proxy package

## Classes

### duo_authproxy

Installs and configures Duo Authentication Proxy

#### Examples

##### including the module in a profile

```puppet
include duo_authproxy
```

##### in hiera

```puppet
duo_authproxy::version: '4.0.2'
duo_authproxy::install_dir: '/opt/duoauthproxy'
duo_authproxy::settings:
  main:
    debug: true
    http_proxy_host: 'my.proxy.example.com'
    http_proxy_port: 80
  ad_client:
    host: 'host.ad.example.com'
    service_account_username: 'service-account'
    service_account_password: 'password'
    search_dn: 'cn=users,dc=ad,dc=example,dc=com'
  ldap_server_auto:
    ikey: 'ikey'
    skey: 'encrypt-with-eyaml'
    api_host: 'api_host'
```

##### resource-like class declaration with parameters

```puppet
class { 'duo_authproxy':
  version     => '4.0.2',
  install_dir => '/opt/duoauthproxy'
  settings    => {
    # All required config sections and settings
    'main' => {
      'debug' => 'true',
    },
     'ad_client' => {
       'host'                     => 'host.ad.example.com',
       'service_account_username' => 'service-account',
       'service_account_password' => 'password',
       'search_dn'                => 'cn=users,dc=ad,dc=example,dc=com',
    },
  },
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `duo_authproxy` class.

##### `compile_package`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to compile the package source.  If set to false, the package will not be
compiled from source, and it will need to be installed by other means.

##### `package_dependencies`

Data type: `Array[String]`

An array of packages that are required to compile Duo Authentication Proxy from source.
See https://duo.com/docs/authproxy-reference#installation for a complete list of packages.

##### `manage_package_dependencies`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to manage the packages required to compile the Duo Authentication Proxy source.

##### `manage_python`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to manage the `python` and `python-devel` packages.

##### `python_package`

Data type: `String`

The name of the python package.  This can be set if `manage_python => true` and the host is
using a versioned or otherwise non-standard python package name.

##### `python_package_ensure`

Data type: `String`

Ensure value for the `python` and `python-devel` packages.

##### `version`

Data type: `String`



##### `install_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`



##### `settings`

Data type: `Hash`



##### `proxy_server`

Data type: `Optional[String]`



##### `proxy_type`

Data type: `Optional[Enum['none', 'ftp', 'http', 'https']]`



### duo_authproxy::config

duo_authproxy::config

Private class that configures the auth proxy

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
don't use this class directly
```

### duo_authproxy::service

duo_authproxy::service

Private class that manages the service of the auth proxy

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
don't use this class directly
```

Commit message:

Added compile_package_timeout param

REFERENCE.md, after:

# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

**Classes**

_Public Classes_

* [`duo_authproxy`](#duo_authproxy): Installs and configures Duo Authentication Proxy
* [`duo_authproxy::config`](#duo_authproxyconfig): configure the proxy
* [`duo_authproxy::service`](#duo_authproxyservice): manage the service

_Private Classes_

* `duo_authproxy::install`: Installs and/or compiles the Duo Authentication Proxy package

## Classes

### duo_authproxy

Installs and configures Duo Authentication Proxy

#### Examples

##### including the module in a profile

```puppet
include duo_authproxy
```

##### in hiera

```puppet
duo_authproxy::version: '4.0.2'
duo_authproxy::install_dir: '/opt/duoauthproxy'
duo_authproxy::settings:
  main:
    debug: true
    http_proxy_host: 'my.proxy.example.com'
    http_proxy_port: 80
  ad_client:
    host: 'host.ad.example.com'
    service_account_username: 'service-account'
    service_account_password: 'password'
    search_dn: 'cn=users,dc=ad,dc=example,dc=com'
  ldap_server_auto:
    ikey: 'ikey'
    skey: 'encrypt-with-eyaml'
    api_host: 'api_host'
```

##### resource-like class declaration with parameters

```puppet
class { 'duo_authproxy':
  version     => '4.0.2',
  install_dir => '/opt/duoauthproxy'
  settings    => {
    # All required config sections and settings
    'main' => {
      'debug' => 'true',
    },
     'ad_client' => {
       'host'                     => 'host.ad.example.com',
       'service_account_username' => 'service-account',
       'service_account_password' => 'password',
       'search_dn'                => 'cn=users,dc=ad,dc=example,dc=com',
    },
  },
}
```

##### Some users have experienced longer compilation times when `compile_package => true`.

```puppet
# Timeout can be extended by setting the `compile_package_timeout` value.
duoauthproxy::compile_package_timeout: 800
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `duo_authproxy` class.

##### `compile_package`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to compile the package source.  If set to false, the package will not be
compiled from source, and it will need to be installed by other means.

##### `compile_package_timeout`

Data type: `Integer`

Increases the timeout value of the `exec` statement to compile the source package.  Useful when
Puppet times out during the intial run of this module.

##### `package_dependencies`

Data type: `Array[String]`

An array of packages that are required to compile Duo Authentication Proxy from source.
See https://duo.com/docs/authproxy-reference#installation for a complete list of packages.

##### `manage_package_dependencies`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to manage the packages required to compile the Duo Authentication Proxy source.

##### `manage_python`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to manage the `python` and `python-devel` packages.

##### `python_package`

Data type: `String`

The name of the python package.  This can be set if `manage_python => true` and the host is
using a versioned or otherwise non-standard python package name.

##### `python_package_ensure`

Data type: `Enum['present', 'latest', 'absent']`

Ensure value for the `python` and `python-devel` packages.

##### `version`

Data type: `String`



##### `install_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`



##### `settings`

Data type: `Hash`



##### `proxy_server`

Data type: `Optional[String]`



##### `proxy_type`

Data type: `Optional[Enum['none', 'ftp', 'http', 'https']]`



### duo_authproxy::config

duo_authproxy::config

Private class that configures the auth proxy

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
don't use this class directly
```

### duo_authproxy::service

duo_authproxy::service

Private class that manages the service of the auth proxy

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
don't use this class directly
```
